I'll give you some water.
There's plenty of food.
What?
I've had a lot of food in this village.
I've had enough water.
I haven't forgotten.
I've had plenty of food.
I'm not stupid.
I've had enough water.
I've had plenty of water.
I'm not stupid.
I'll give you another one if you have another spoon.
I've had enough water.
I'm not stupid.
I've had plenty of water.
I'm not doing this for fun.
I'm just joking.
I want you to be happy.
I don't care.
You don't know how to tell me.
You won't get Naruadì‹ of Nabe-age as a job.
You're going to do everything to be full of dating.
What are you talking about?
I want you to get the hand warmer.
I want to have a drink with you.
I'm tired of drinking.
I'm going to warm up my hands and drink water.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
Don't say stupid things.
I'm not going to tell you anything.
I'm kidding.
Why are you talking like that?
It's me.
If you're still selling, I'm going to tell you.
You fool!
I'm sorry then.
What are you waiting for Yepri?
No wonder you are stupid.
I was so angry that I ran away.
I ran away.
I ran away when I was lying down.
I was so angry.
I'm sorry.
I thought I'd be a king
if I had to win over that guy.
I thought I'd be a king if I had to win over that guy.
The south wind was blowing, so I shouldn't have rested today.
I'm not saying it's bad, but it's not bad.
I'm a man's dog, so I have to follow the rules.
I was going to win.
I'm a man's dog.